>>PAOLA HARRIS: When the world
exploded the atomic bomb,
it got the attention of
a lot of cosmic cultures.
Not only were there
crashes and so forth,
there were visitations.
I had seen the Integratron--
and then, all I needed to do
is start interviewing people
from back in those days
to find out that what I believe
to be the real ETs were people.
It wasn't about religion,
it was about this
is a highly kept secret and
black projects that make money.
And as Colonel Corso
told me, weapons of war.
You mean, you're telling me
that in 1970, you guys saw space
people coming off the ship?
And he goes, yes.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Back
in more innocent times,
the 1950s and '60s, there was
a different type of contact
that was taking place
between extraterrestrials
and human beings.
Beautiful, well-dressed
visitors approached
men who were highly
intelligent, but not necessarily
academically oriented.
In other words, open-minded.
Their messages to humanity
have stood the test of time,
but we ignored them.
So welcome back Paola.
>>PAOLA: Well, it's wonderful
to be here, especially to talk
about the situation with you.
>>REGINA: Yeah I just--
this is a topic I really love.
And I was very grateful.
I mean, you and I,
as everyone knows,
have been through a lot
of adventures together.
We've done quite a few
kind of joint interviews.
You introduced me
to Paul Hellyer,
who was the former Defense
Minister of Canada.
>>PAOLA: You came to
Italy to see the giants.
>>REGINA: We've
done-- we go back.
>>PAOLA: We go back, yeah.
>>REGINA: But one
of the things I
really love and I'm very
grateful for was your
originally turning me
on to the stories that
happened in the '50s and '60s.
Because it was a
sweet time of contact
that turned into kind
of a dirty affair
with everyone competing
with each other,
and calling each other liars,
and you know, stealing stuff.
It became very
undignified, I have to say.
But back then, there
was some dignity to it.
So how did you
first come across--
we're going to talk about
Howard Menger and his book,
From Outer Space to
You, which I love.
Let's talk about that.
How did you come about that?
>>PAOLA: Well, I call it back
to the future, because I,
like all people that
had worked in ufology--
and I am a journalist
rather than ufologists,
I want to say that--
I care about history.
I care about the history,
and I've always looked at it
in the timeline of history.
And no, history did
not begin with 1947,
it began even more,
because we know we've
done the 1945 Trinity case.
When the world exploded
the atomic bomb,
it got the attention of
a lot of cosmic cultures.
Not only were there,
you know, crashes
and so forth, there
were visitations.
And if you look at the
timeline of the 1950s,
and what was going on
in Southern California--
and California has been a
pioneer in a lot of things--
then I had to go back and
look at the Space Brother
movement, what's called
the Space Brother movement.
So I had been to Giant Rock,
I had seen the location,
I had seen the Integratron.
And then, all I needed to
do is start interviewing
people from back in
those days to find out
that what I believe to be
the real ETs were people.
And they came here in the
1950s, because we jump-started
the new age, what we call the
new age today, with Yogananda,
with Maharishi, with
the new thinking.
I mean, even Adamski, he
would call his lectures
the Temple of Tibet.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PAOLA: Anyway, and also-- so
yeah, and you agreed with that.
You thought it was--
>>REGINA: Oh, no, absolutely,
and just to kind of further
validate-- when I had no
interest in any of this,
back in the mid-'80s or so, when
I was talking with my own group
of beings, a couple of people
had had experiences and I asked
them, well, are
they really here?
And they said, well,
exactly what you said--
they have an increased
interest, now
that you have
nuclear capabilities,
and you'll often
find them surfacing
around military
bases, and they're
watching military activity
all over the planet,
and have been, exactly, since
we started playing with that.
They said, that will not
be allowed to go out.
Because we actually tried
to shoot a nuclear weapon
to the moon at one point.
They--
>>PAOLA: Colonel Corso said--
>>REGINA: It was taken down.
I mean, literally, it was this--
>>PAOLA: Project Horizon
was testing nuclear.
>>REGINA: The film
of it was amazing.
The way that spacecraft
came in and took it out.
So that's not going
to be allowed,
we're not allowed to pollute
the rest of our cosmos.
So they're very-- that was
the validation on that.
The other one was
Adamski stating
that there are over
400,000 humanoid species
throughout the universes--
that he knew of at the time.
This is a very common,
efficient vehicle.
>>PAOLA: Yes, and
it's normal for me
to think that other
planets are inhabited.
Why not?
I mean, why not?
>>REGINA: But not
just with praying
mantis types that we talk
about underground in Earth,
and little ETs,
but actual humans,
what look to be human beings,
structured very similar to us,
as we were once long ago
here, developed this way.
So were humans developed
on other planets.
It must just be a good vehicle
to be able to express through.
>>PAOLA: Yes, and we're
going to see some pictures
today of Val Thor,
and Jill, and Don,
and everybody says, how come
they're so good-looking?
And I said, well, maybe you
could get to the point where
you can clone a human being--
and I know that they have done
that--
and then you put a
consciousness into it.
And if you had a choice
as a consciousness,
you'd pick a beautiful body.
You'd pick one that would--
almost like going shopping,
you could pick a body
that you would like, and
take good care of it.
But you know, what interested
me was-- and Colonel Corso said
to me once, he said,
Paolo, he said,
the extraterrestrial
biological entity, he said,
is kind of a clone.
He said, we've done
an autopsy on him.
And of course, in my
book, Conversations
with Colonel Corso,
he gave me a drawing
of the autopsy
that they had done,
plus he had said how close
they were to the human body.
He said, but we weren't worried
at the Pentagon about those.
We knew what they were.
He said, we were worried
about who created them.
And he said, they could
walk through the halls
of the Pentagon and never be--
>>REGINA: John Warner
IV said, that's what
an Admiral told him.
You want to know what ET is?
Look around you.
They're all over the Pentagon.
So, they're walking up and
down the halls of the Pentagon.
Let's go back for
just one moment,
for people who aren't
familiar with it.
Lieutenant Colonel Philip
Corso wrote the book,
The Day after Roswell, which
talked about the debris from
the Roswell wreckage that
was then back-engineered by--
>>PAOLA: The Army.
The Army, yeah.
>>REGINA: The military
industrial complex, Bell Labs
and others.
All sorts of stuff
came out of it.
Really interesting
book to read for people
interested in this topic and
what happened back in '47.
So that gives the context
for who Corso was,
as you're talking.
>>PAOLA: Yes, and I
have to go with what
people of that caliber tell me.
He was a hero, and
that he admitted
that he had these artifacts.
And he said to make the
competitive edge of the Army--
because I think that different
branches compete for contracts.
And so the Air Force
probably had it,
but they didn't have a
Corso to talk about it.
>>REGINA: Right,
to talk about it.
They did have stuff parceled
out, and it was, I think,
13, 14 years after
'61, I believe.
The crash was '47--
'61, the general--
>>PAOLA: Well,
the crash of '45--
in 1945, went to the
Atomic Energy Commission.
So they had that stuff, too.
>>REGINA: And then, they got
the Army and whomever was there,
Air Force, that took the
debris away from Roswell,
parted it out.
And he did this under the--
and she was with the foreign
technology division in
the military, meaning--
didn't mean Cuba.
>>PAOLA: No, foreign-- as
foreign as you can get, yes.
>>REGINA: And they had him
have everything analyzed.
In 1961, it was delivered
in a metal filing cabinet,
as I recall.
>>PAOLA: Actually, Regina,
I've got to be honest,
that changed my life.
Because I realized that the
secret was being kept secret
because of the technology,
not because there would be
panic all over the world.
If they look like us, there's
no panic all over the world.
I mean, so you know, it
wasn't about religion,
it was about this is a highly
kept secret and black projects
that make money.
And as Colonel Corso
told me, weapons of war.
So you know, now I know
why the secret is secret.
>>REGINA: Well, not only that--
they turned the use--
they used the technology
that they were exposed
to for warlike purposes.
It can also be used for good.
>>PAOLA: Oh, absolutely.
>>REGINA: It can be
used to literally
power the entire planet.
Free energy, all of it was
available to us at the time.
But it was all
sequestered and used
for darker military purposes.
And for profit-- some
of it helped humanity.
I mean, certainly, you could
say that fiber optics helped
humanity.
>>PAOLA: Night
screening devices,
yeah, and all those things.
>>REGINA: Kevlar for
police vests, and all.
So it wasn't all bad, but
they even said at the time,
if this is misused, you can
blow this place to smithereens.
So you have to be
very careful with what
you choose to develop there.
>>PAOLA: Well, that's one
of the reasons I went back
to the future, because--
and I keep saying
back to the future.
When I went to High
Bridge in New Jersey
to look up the Menger case,
we were in the Cold War--
Russia was the enemy.
And we had missiles
pointed at Russia,
like the Malmstrom Air
Force base in 1969.
And they had missiles
pointed at us.
And so it was a time that's now.
I mean, now.
>>REGINA: Basically,
they were warning
of what was going to happen.
We're there.
That's where we are right now.
>>PAOLA: Well, we're
there right now.
>>REGINA: So let's go back now--
let's go back to Howard Menger.
And here we can see a
photo of Howard Menger.
And he was a very
intelligent man.
He actually did
printing for a living.
But very bright,
very open-minded,
curious, and kind of refined.
So when you look at the
way his book is written,
the language then was more
gentlemanly, more gentle,
more refined in
general, more credulous.
Where, if someone meets you
and says, I'm from Venus,
and they certainly seem to have
a strange craft and energy,
people are going to say,
OK, all right, tell me more.
Right, they're not going
to get a gun out and start
shooting at them.
>>PAOLA: No, it was
a different world.
And I think you probably
saw the video where
he said he heard this
beautiful music in this cabin,
and he went down
to meet the people.
And the people were
beautiful people.
And they said, you
could do this, too.
And he learned music by ear.
>>REGINA: And he did compose.
>>PAOLA: And he did compose.
What's nice, and I'm
going to reiterate this,
is this is an East Coast story.
We usually go to the
West Coast stories,
like the Adamskis
and Van Tassels,
Orfeo Angeluccis, and all
those guys were West Coast.
This is East Coast.
And that's why this story wasn't
researched as much, because I
wondered, why
didn't they go back
to High Bridge in New
Jersey, near New York
and research the story?
It's very unique.
>>REGINA: Well,
let's talk about it.
So he was 10 years old when
a beautiful Venutian woman
met him out in the forest.
And he's like, blink, blink.
And he's kind of smitten.
And she says, I'm
here to tell you
that you have a
special place with us.
And ultimately, he was to learn
that he is from-- like Adamski,
was one of them, but
he was born as a human
to be able to start bringing
this information through.
So they conditioned him slowly.
Met with him over the years.
And protected him
in Okinawa when
he was in the war--
he should have
been killed many times over.
But they protected him
until he came of age
to where they could start
giving him the real experiences
and messages.
And let's talk about those.
Because that's really
the point of this.
>>PAOLA: Right, the
messages, and the fact that--
and you have to digest
this, that most--
even in Latin America--
most ETs look like us.
And are mixed in with humans.
And people that work in this
area, the study, the Space
Brother movement, have had some
kind of contact with people--
even Timothy Goode said he met
one in New York in a hotel,
he told me.
And telepathically, he said to
the being, are you from here?
And if you're not from
here, Timothy Goode
said, put your
right index finger
on the left side of your nose.
And the man did that.
So that makes you stop
thinking that the field is
only little gray aliens,
or all different types.
>>REGINA: Yeah, that
starts coming later.
>>PAOLA: That came later.
That came in the '60s after
the Betty and Barney Hill case.
Before that, they were
all human like us.
And this is an incredible
story, because we have photos.
And because the
photographer, August Roberts,
has left notes about
taking these photos.
>>REGINA: So when these beings
started meeting him-- with him,
as he was older, a couple of
things were happening, right?
Where first of all,
he was assisting them
to integrate with humanity.
And he said, and they told
him, you're not the only one.
We've reached out
to quite a number
of open-minded individuals who
feel safe enough to do this.
And he was helping the guys
look a little more normal
for the '50s and '60s--
cut their hair off,
because a lot of them had--
the men had long, flowing
hair, very beautiful, right?
>>PAOLA: The thing that
I always look for--
and I've done other stories
on human-type aliens--
is that they usually overdress.
All the guys--
>>REGINA: We're going to see
an example of that in a minute.
>>PAOLA: They think everybody
wears a suit and tie.
>>REGINA: You see them now.
>>PAOLA: Picnic attire, yeah.
>>REGINA: Explain who the people
are in order on the screen.
>>PAOLA: OK, well there's
Jill, who has got high heels on
and a very, very beautiful
handbag in leather.
She looks like Grace Kelly.
And there's Don, Val's brother.
And there's Val Thor.
Val is the one on the
end that's taking notes.
Because what Val did--
>>REGINA: And he was listening
to Howard Menger talk.
>>PAOLA: I know, it's like
stranger at the Pentagon--
could he leave the Pentagon?
Yes, he could go
where he wanted.
And yeah--
>>REGINA: And better dressed.
>>PAOLA: Yeah, and there's
hundreds people in this photo,
because these photos
are incredible.
And they're just sitting and
getting an outdoor lecture.
And we actually enlarge
on what Val was writing,
and the first sentence
is, we are one.
And I was very, very
impressed by that,
because I mean, here's
a contactee-- they're
in the contactee's backyard,
with his first wife, Rose,
in High Bridge.
And by the way, the reason
why I think this is important,
these photos, is
because when I went back
with David Kalbosser
and Bill Crowley,
we wanted to stand in the very
spot where Val and Jill and Don
were, because we felt
that if we believed
there was no time, that
we were there in the 1953.
And they were here with us.
>>REGINA: There you
are at the tree.
>>PAOLA: Yeah, well, because I
had to find the exact location.
It was like, that's
field research.
>>REGINA: Right, It and
you're famous for that.
>>PAOLA: Well, that's the only
way I can find anything out.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and you
are-- you're the best.
And so when they would
originally show up here,
they had their own
native garb on-- which
was almost like a body suit,
that we would classically
know of.
And the women had a
tunic that was flowy.
They had flat shoes, very
thin shoes, but flat.
And so it was more like
what you would imagine
in a futuristic scenario.
And so, they had to take
them to the clothing stores
and get them all--
to the hair salons, and such,
and to the barber and all this
to get them so that they could
blend easily and walk among us.
>>PAOLA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: And so let's
move on then from--
so they're giving
Menger messages,
they've been looking
after him his whole life.
They're telling him about
health and well-being.
And in a little bit,
we'll talk about some
of the technology
that he discovered
when he went on board with
them, and all of these--
same with Adamski, they
went on board these crafts.
>>PAOLA: Same with Van Tassel.
He went on-- you
know, and in Italy, we
had Eugenio Siragusa
that met these people,
and looked exactly like
this, with the body suits
and so forth.
So it isn't they just came
to the United States, they--
>>REGINA: Same representation,
whoever saw them at that time
around the world.
>>PAOLA: And Adamski and Eugenia
went to all the heads of state
to try to change things.
>>REGINA: So let's talk now,
let's go into Val Thor's time.
He was over a fair
amount of time
he spent here in
the United States,
and was meeting in
the Pentagon, and was
meeting with President
Eisenhower and Vice President
Nixon.
And this was documented in
Frank Stranges's book, Stranger
at the Pentagon, and definitely
worth reading, as well.
And this was validated
by Admiral Byrd's nephew.
At the very beginning
of the book, says,
he had top security
clearance, and he witnessed
Val Thor meeting with
these men, the president,
vice president did meet
with him, repeatedly.
>>PAOLA: And I'll
add one thing, when
we were doing our
research, we brought
in George Feiler, who had
worked at the Pentagon
as a courier under Curtis LeMay.
And George Feiler told me,
and my crew that were there,
that he was told when he
went to LeMay's office
that there was a guest in the
cafeteria from another planet.
He was told that.
So the reason why
I'm even mentioning,
God bless George Feiler, he
also had contacted as a child,
he told me, on
the East Coast, is
that we need to go back to the
source and get their words.
Not something from
a book or gossip.
When George Feiler tells
me he was told that,
and he worked for
Curtis LeMay, then
I know that it is not unusual to
have visitors at the Pentagon.
And then, we have the movie
The Day the Earth Stood Still,
which is exactly that story.
It's exactly.
>>REGINA: And when you watch
The Day the Earth Stood Still,
with the lens that these beings
were actually here giving
these messages to humanity at
the time, takes on more import,
it makes it more intriguing.
So he's meeting with--
Nixon apparently was
very intrigued with what
was going on.
Eisenhower was apparently
open to these messages,
and they were in dialogue.
And he was saying, you have to
let go of your warring ways,
and stop using your
resources to kill each other.
This was a big message at
the time, after World War II,
right?
>>PAOLA: Exactly.
>>REGINA: You have
to stop doing this,
because it's going to
bankrupt your planet.
It's going to cause nothing
but geopolitical issues.
Which, look around,
read any headline,
any day, we're worse off,
by far, than we were then.
Right?
>>PAOLA: Yeah, well, I look
at it as a huge chess game.
And the only way we can
win this-- everybody
has to have nuclear.
So if everybody has
to have nuclear,
then you're playing chess.
And the only way you can
win is to do check mate.
Because once one
wins, everybody loses.
So it doesn't take a rocket
scientist to figure out we're
on a dangerous
trajectory, or SOS.
So one of the reasons why
I went back to High Bridge
is to ask for an intervention.
And I've got to be honest
with you, the three of us who
went back, did a meditation
where Val Thor was, and said,
we may need intervention here.
Because we're in
the same situation
we were during the Cold War.
>>REGINA: It's important
to point out, though,
that there's been
intervention all along
since we've developed
these ridiculous weapons,
there has been intervention.
I don't see that playing
out on this planet.
I think we are
coming toward-- you
can see the struggle with
the forces trying to keep
this military game going.
Ultimately, we're going to
run out of cash, resources,
people aren't going to show
up for the wars anymore.
But until then--
>>PAOLA: I'd love to see that.
I'm going to visualize
that scenario.
>>REGINA: Well, so
this was told to--
this was told to Eisenhower
back in the '50s, right?
>>PAOLA: Well,
Eisenhower realized,
like I realized
with Colonel Corso,
that it was in the hands of the
military industrial complex.
That people were
making money off this.
>>REGINA: And that made
his speech even more
profound, didn't it.
>>PAOLA: Yeah, because
he said beware of.
And at that time,
maybe people didn't
understand what he was saying--
beware of the military
industrial complex.
It is not the government.
It is the black ops that
are running the show.
>>REGINA: And so Eisenhower,
according to stranger
at the Pentagon,
Eisenhower's response was--
after taking it in,
listening, with him laying out
these potential agendas where
humanity could live a much more
healthful existence, we
could use those resources
for health, well-being,
education, farming,
clean foods, for
example, they're
really big into vegetarian,
clean food diets,
that was one big message.
Eisenhower's response to him
was, we've considered it,
and it would
bankrupt the country
if we choose to unplug
from that complex.
>>PAOLA: Yeah, he
also said that there
was a pharmaceutical
industry that
was an industry that
would go down the tubes,
that that was-- that we
had established that.
We have institutions.
One of the institutions was
a pharmaceutical institution.
And I think you agree
that people should
read From Outer Space
to You because that
has 30 pages of how you keep
your blood alkaline, of what
you should eat, of how you
should live, and purify water,
all this kind of stuff.
Those were the words
that the Venutians used
to help humanity live longer.
They didn't understand why
we died at such an early age.
>>REGINA: They said
we should easily
be living to 120, healthfully.
>>PAOLA: Well, in
the Bible, they
lived until hundreds of years.
So how come-- what
happened in between time?
>>REGINA: Cheetos,
or tasty as they are.
>>PAOLA: I mean, so it's
possible, because they said,
we're here to help you.
But when you have an industry
that is built on drugs,
and an industry that's built
on pills, and keeping--
for many reasons,
it's an industry--
Eisenhower said
about that industry,
my hands are tied, also.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Now, so we're talking about a
military, pharma, industrial
society.
And that is where we are.
All we have to do is think back,
even the last couple of years.
>>PAOLA: Watch
commercials on TV.
>>REGINA: Watch the commercials.
Watch who runs the news.
You know, and don't think
there's not censorship
as a result of the
pharmaceutical industry
supporting the news shows.
Of course there is.
And they warned heavily
about that to him.
They talked about not
taking pills quite a bit.
>>PAOLA: Oh, yeah, and
everybody doesn't understand.
I mean, when people
tell me, oh, I
drink lemon water
in the morning.
Well, lemons are alkaline.
And if you-- and in
the book it says,
cancer is caused by
an acid blood system.
I mean, so if we were to
follow some of this advice--
And you know, what's
so amazing, you know,
Regina, is that they
gave him milk pods
and fruit, as examples of the
fruits they ate, dried fruits,
and so forth.
And in the archives I have
that belong to Wendell Stevens,
there is the actual
envelope that Howard Menger
sent to the labs to--
>>REGINA: I think we have a
photograph of that somewhere.
>>PAOLA: Yeah, because he had
these things, and he said,
let's look at what they eat.
Let's look at what they-- and in
those days, that was research.
>>REGINA: When it came
back from the labs.
>>PAOLA: Yeah, and he actually
did the research about that.
>>REGINA: But what
was the report?
Was there anything unusual?
>>PAOLA: No, there was--
we could never get that.
I'd have to look at--
>>REGINA: You never
saw the results.
>>PAOLA: These are photos that
we have of what they gave him.
They even gave him moon rocks.
They gave him--
they did everything.
They even gave him a
piece of the craft,
and that's when the problems
started, because then they
had Howard come to NORAD
at Colorado Springs
to work for many years.
>>REGINA: Yes, and so
they-- we were not--
no one was able to get
hold of the actual lab
results of these foods?
>>PAOLA: No, would
have loved that.
But you know something, we
weren't looking at that.
If I even had this
material 30 years ago,
I could have done more work.
So you can't wait 70 years to
look at the Howard Menger case.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>PAOLA: And that's
what we ended up doing.
But if people, if
researchers had
gone after this
in the beginning,
we would have had more
pieces of the puzzle.
>>REGINA: Well, meanwhile,
back in the day-- now
we get into the '50s and
early '60s, Howard was told,
he was told from a
young age, you're
going to be one that shares this
information with the world--
you and others.
And he actually made it
onto some pretty big media
venues-- the Jack Paar Show.
>>PAOLA: The Jack Paar--
the Arthur Godfrey show.
>>REGINA: Arthur Godfrey Show.
>>PAOLA: I used to watch that--
I date back to those days.
I watched Arthur Godfrey
all the time, and Jack Paar.
But little did I
know that in 1953,
when I was in Rhode
Island, this was going
on in High Bridge, New Jersey--
just down the way.
>>REGINA: But these
guys were actually
brought on to these big,
high-ratings, late-night shows,
and daytime shows, and big
syndicated radio shows, too,
back in the day to
talk about their story.
And how were they treated?
>>PAOLA: Well, you know, it
seemed like it was sensational.
But they didn't--
not as dismissive.
Like when Van Tassel was
talking about the Integratron--
because the Integratron
was also to--
it was a time machine,
he said, but it also
was rejuvenation of the cells.
So then you wonder-- it
had Tesla coils around it--
so you wonder, how electrically
you could rejuvenate yourselves
so you could live longer.
It's the same
message, whether it's
on the East Coast
or the West Coast.
And I think there's
more ridicule,
there's more ridicule--
>>REGINA: Today,
there's more ridicule.
>>PAOLA: It was
more sensationalism
than it was amazing, amazing.
But today, they're
so-- because I
think it's mixed in--
real information is
mixed in with disinformation.
So you can't--
>>REGINA: Today, absolutely.
>>PAOLA: You can't take
what's real and what's fake.
And you can't-- unless
you do field research.
Again, going back
to-- and I told you,
I was shocked that the
Historical Society,
High Bridge, New Jersey, the
regular historical society,
talking about the 1700s, is
into the Howard Menger case.
They brought us where
the ships landed.
They took us there.
They said, this is a field,
now it's a cornfield.
But this is where they--
>>REGINA: Yeah, they
treated it seriously.
>>PAOLA: They treat--
it really happened.
And they don't even discuss it.
And it's not like ufology, it's
something that really happened.
Now, the house is empty.
And so it's easily accessible.
And they're willing to talk
about-- the historical society
of New Jersey--
is willing to talk
about this on a serious level.
>>REGINA: So that's more--
people were more credulous
in the day, as well.
And so let's talk about
a couple of things.
You mentioned it at the
very beginning of the show,
and this, I think, is
important, the whole point
that Yogananda
had really started
becoming well-known,
transcendental meditation
was starting to
come to the fore,
particularly in
California-- which
is why I think a lot of
these events happened there.
There's an open-mindedness and
a youthfulness about the state.
In that day, a lot
of it wasn't even
settled till after World War II.
So Yogananda was there.
And you feel that
these Venutians
came because we were opening
our hearts and minds to higher
ways of thinking.
>>PAOLA: Which we called
in those days, the New Age
movement.
Because it started as Werner
Erhardt, Scientology, and all
that.
Of course it all went--
>>REGINA: Power of positive
thinking, psychocybernetics--
>>PAOLA: A whole
thing, you know.
And the thing-- as
all things on Earth
go, they go to commercialism,
and sometimes they go south.
Maybe they are not as spiritual
as we wanted them to be.
But I want to add one thing
that's very important for me
as a researcher, I
try to connect dots.
And I had brought Robert Short
back to Giant Rock to do--
>>REGINA: You have to explain
who each of these people is.
>>PAOLA: Robert Short was
one of the Van Tassel-type
people, that had had physical
contact with a being-- he was
driving down from Los
Angeles, and the craft landed,
and the being walked
over to his car.
It's on my YouTube, if people
want to hear his testimony.
He said, he was
absolutely shocked
that the being
walked over and said,
we have been watching you.
But Robert Short added
another thing-- he said,
both Van Tassel, and
the early contactees--
like Orfeo Angelucci,
and those guys,
were talking to these
beings on crystal radio.
Until the FBI
jumped in, and said,
you cannot talk
on this frequency.
And so then, a Van
Tassel and a Robert Short
had to use their vocal cords,
because the beings said,
if we can't talk
on crystal radio--
>>REGINA: We're going
to talk through you.
>>PAOLA: Can we
talk through you?
So if you can imagine,
1959, the Giant Rock,
30,000 people there
at Joshua Tree,
and a Van Tassel and
a Robert Short just
allowing their vocal
cords to be used.
It's not channeling, because the
voice is completely different.
Because we did it--
>>REGINA: To bring
messages through.
>>PAOLA: To bring a message.
And then, I tie it to the
Amicizia case in Italy--
in 1956, where they were talking
to the beings on crystal radio.
>>REGINA: Right, same.
>>PAOLA: I would love to talk
to beings on radio today.
Or some kind of direct talking
to them, like a telephone,
or so forth.
It was normal
then, in the 1950s.
It was normal.
>>REGINA: So now, clarify if
I'm wrong here, Robert Short,
was he the one that knew
the director of "The Day
the Earth Stood Still?"
>>PAOLA: He knew Robert Wise.
>>REGINA: And Robert Wise knew
about these messages coming
from these beings.
>>PAOLA: Yeah, that
was a disclosure movie.
And then, what--
>>REGINA: So that's when kind
of public disclosure happened,
was with "The Day the
Earth Stood still."
>>PAOLA: The last
part of that movie,
where the aperture
hits an Impala,
he said that Michael Rennie
did not have a script for that.
>>REGINA: Who was the actor?
>>PAOLA: Who was the actor.
He did not have a
script for that.
So he said to Robert Wise, don't
worry, I'll make something up.
And he channeled
that last message
to planet Earth-- you
are dangerous people.
We cannot allow you to
come until you have grown
in your consciousness.
If you read that, it's
a beautiful, beautiful--
>>REGINA: Yes it is.
>>PAOLA: --monologue.
It's a monologue.
But Michael Rennie channeled it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
So everyone needs to go
back and watch the movie
through this lens.
So one is-- so let's go with
the technology for a moment.
So when Howard Menger
went to board the ships,
what they did was they sent
out a tiny little scout craft,
little thing, that would
go and measure his vitals,
look at his levels
of nervousness.
>>PAOLA: Like a probe, yeah.
>>REGINA: It was a probe that
could see even past lives.
It was able to probe
into his entire being,
and condense all this
information, first of all,
to see if whether he was ready
for this type of experience,
right?
>>PAOLA: Yeah, it's
really amazing,
because when you have somebody
like a Menger that says that he
was taken aboard ship, and you
have an Adamski that has been
taken aboard ship,
and you have--
and you have a Billy
Meier that has photographs
of being aboard ship,
of another ship,
you've got to start tying
these stories together.
Because I feel that these
are human-type alien stories,
and they may be a little bit--
there may be a
group of people that
don't want us to bond with
people that look like us.
So it's easier to
put the whole UFO--
>>REGINA: We're going to
get into that in a moment.
OK, so now, the other
technology that they had,
it was kind of like a blue
laser or beam technology,
where they would
condition him, right?
Before he'd come into
the craft, otherwise he
could get sick from the
energies inside the craft.
So talk about that a little bit.
>>PAOLA: They also had
a type of transport,
where you could just--
you became invisible,
and then you appeared
and disappeared.
>>REGINA: Well, they
had teleportation.
>>PAOLA: Teleportation, yeah.
>>REGINA: Yes, they did.
And that's something we're
working on right now,
and have been for decades.
>>PAOLA: Yeah, they
had teleportation.
They had given him
an actual machine--
well, they can go on YouTube
because what had happened
is that Howard built a small
UFO that went over county lines.
It went into Pennsylvania.
The FBI came and said,
don't do that again.
And then they took him to
NORAD in Colorado Springs
and had him work there.
And the sad part
about it is they
said it's a matter
of national security,
so you're going to need to
say that you deny your story.
And that was very bad.
And if I didn't have
the picture of him
and Connie in front
of Condon, I have
that photo in front of
Edward Condon in 1969--
if the story isn't
real, what is he
doing with opening his book
in front of Edward Condon,
and the Condon
Committee reports?
>>REGINA: Explain who
Condon was, because again--
>>PAOLA: Yes, in
1969, the Air Force
commissioned report
was with Condon
in the University of Colorado,
who completely whitewashed
the whole UFO situation.
>>REGINA: Now, this was based
on information from Project Blue
Book, right?
>>PAOLA: Project Blue Book--
>>REGINA: Now, if they
can still go find it,
History Channel aired it--
I don't know, maybe on
Netflix or something--
even though it's
fictionalized, it's
worth going back and looking
at the series, Project Blue
Book, which Paul Heinicke--
it's a long story,
we're not going to go there.
Go to my other interview with
Paola about Project Blue Book.
But that's available now.
>>PAOLA: It's available now.
Not only that, but
Project Blue Book also
had the missile shutdown
at Maelstrom, and it so--
and for Condon to just
ignore all of that,
but there is Howard Menger
and Connie in front of him.
>>REGINA: So there you go.
So we've got proof.
So they were actually there.
So let's now move on from that,
because those messages were
ignored.
We're not living to 120.
We're still using billions--
coming up on trillions--
well, globally, trillions of
dollars in precious resources
on a warring machine, globally.
We're just-- we're stupid.
>>PAOLA: Also, we have all
kinds of problems with opioids
and all kinds of drugs.
Because the problem is
that they just said,
they had a formula for a long
life, which was fairly simple.
Most of them-- most of
the stories I've done,
they're vegetarians, the
beings are vegetarians.
>>REGINA: And ultimately,
we will be, as well.
We're kind of moving that
direction as a species.
And that gets into
a whole other story
that we don't have
time to go into.
But let's go into what
happened after this.
OK, we ignored everything,
Eisenhower, everybody
ignored it.
We did business as usual.
Now, here we are.
And so the story
in ufology, itself,
started changing after that.
Once we get into the
'70s, '80s, '90s.
>>PAOLA: 1963, the
Betty and Barney Hill
case just changed everything.
So because I research
it all, I really
think that the
early days is very
interesting-- people should
read, there's so many books.
I mean, Daniel Frye
was a physicist,
and he took a ride in a
spaceship to New York.
And he's a physicist who
worked at White Sands.
He was part of that--
they call it Space Brother
movement, whatever.
And he then, as a
physicist, scientist,
he starts a group of people
called Understanding--
Understanding in Arizona.
So there's a spiritual component
there that there isn't anymore,
as much.
It's a spiritual--
>>REGINA: And those books
are more unfiltered in what
was going on.
>>PAOLA: Yes, because
spirituality would
have to be linked to this.
>>REGINA: I mean, there
are still some good books
out there.
And although, as
I said, this field
is very competitive with
people arguing with each other,
and saying, I'm the only
one with the true story.
But there are some good books
that occur, that can kind of--
I do talk about Nick Pope's
book, Rendlesham Forest,
because it's the anatomy
of how this is covered up.
It's a really good
anatomy of a cover-up.
>>PAOLA: And that had
to do with nuclear, too.
>>REGINA: Exactly,
military bases in England,
there was an event, joint
British and American.
How this is covered up
from the first moment
so that the public doesn't
find out the truth of what's
going on.
So that's a good one.
But by and large,
the field itself
seemed to just kind
of disintegrate
in terms of integrity
on a lot of levels.
>>PAOLA: Well, also, our
vision of what the alien is--
I mean, I had to
go from there, I
had to go from Giant
Rock to the Chilca desert
in Peru, to the Sixto Paz
movement of the Rahma group.
>>REGINA: Yes, so you
started taking it down south.
>>PAOLA: Yeah,
because those guys--
I've had people say, well,
why did those ETs go down
to Latin America?
Well, would you
want to stay here?
I mean, would you want to stay
here when the government only
cares about the craft?
Didn't learn anything about
the philosophy, spirituality,
or anything?
You wouldn't want to come
back to the United States.
So we don't have that anymore.
I think maybe they
could be around,
but they're not going to
do it the way they did it.
30,000 people in
Southern California.
So they go to
someplace like Chile,
or they go someplace
like Lima, Peru,
with the Sixto Paz Rahma group.
>>REGINA: Where
people are still open.
>>PAOLA: And they
walk off the ships,
and talk to Sixto and the
10 boys that were involved.
I talked to his
brother, Charlie,
he said, yeah, the beings
said, come on, aboard ship.
He said, I even banged my
arm when I went in the door.
I said, you mean,
you're telling me
that in 1970, you guys saw space
people coming off the ship.
And he goes, yes.
And then, Ricardo
Gonzalez who has all those
encounters with Antrel and
those people in the Andes.
>>REGINA: And you go?
>>PAOLA: Yeah, I go--
I had to go--
>>REGINA: Argentina, Chile.
>>PAOLA: I've been to--
because that's where they went.
And that's where they
went, and I'm wondering
what the messages are.
And the messages now
have gone to ecology.
You want to save the planet?
Be careful about
your water sources,
be careful what you use--
they've added the
ecological message to this.
So I'm interested--
>>REGINA: Which is, use
your resources more wisely.
>>PAOLA: Exactly,
so I need to know
what the messages are so I
have to go to where they're
coming back to.
And it's a lot easier
in Latin America,
because they're
much more accepted.
And the governments there
don't go after craft.
I mean, even with disclosure
the way we have it,
we're looking at tic tacs,
we're looking at a craft, nobody
bothers to say, what's inside?
>>REGINA: Who's inside?
What's inside?
>>PAOLA: What's inside?
Who's inside?
Can we look at what's
inside and why they're here?
>>REGINA: No, immediately,
we look at it as a threat,
because they can go
faster and they're
more maneuverable than
our current technology.
>>PAOLA: The speed,
the maneuverability.
And I'm going, oh, OK.
We got that.
We know they travel in
these kind of craft.
Aren't you curious why
they bothered to come?
And then, your answer is,
From Outer Space to You.
>>REGINA: Yeah, absolutely,
go back To Outer Space to You.
But you also had--
because you do
go with these various people
who are known to have contact,
you do go out in the field to
these week, week long and even
longer events.
>>PAOLA: And it's camping.
I have to tell you it's
camping, it's horrible.
>>REGINA: It is.
But you also had
your own experience
with encountering one of them.
>>PAOLA: Yes, yes,
I did in Shasta.
>>REGINA: Which scared the
bejeezus out of you, initially.
>>PAOLA: Well, it
changes your reality.
And you can do the work, you
can actually do the work.
And I feel like I'm a journalist
is just getting the data--
I do the work, I
do the work, I do--
you go to all these places,
you speak to the people.
But when you have
your own encounter,
or your own situation, it
really changes your reality,
because then you digest it.
It's one thing to talk
about it like you and I,
but when you finally
digest it in your DNA,
it changes your life.
And that's why I
think a lot of people
don't want to
touch this subject,
because they don't want
their lives to change.
They don't want to be turned
upside down and backwards.
They like it the way it is now.
>>REGINA: I think that is true.
People do not
generally like change.
But you're not--
I know you, Paola, you're
not afraid of change.
And you have been
going out there.
I don't think there is any
other field researcher that's
done what you've done,
certainly in our times,
in the subject of ufology.
>>PAOLA: When people go
after the Billy Meier story,
I feel like saying,
did you go there?
Did you see what's there?
I mean, there's a
hole in the trees
there from one of the guns.
I mean, you have to go
there, you have to--
And then you have to feel it.
You have to feel
what happened there.
The Swiss government was not
excited about pilgrimages
to his house.
>>REGINA: You're right.
>>PAOLA: You know, so
you've got to look at,
this may have happened, and
maybe the government shut it
down.
Or you have to look
at all of the stuff.
And that was also a
human-type alien experience.
>>REGINA: Exactly,
and then you also--
you wrote the book with
Jacques on the Trinity--
on Trinity, the Trinity affair
after the nuclear explosion,
and what happened in New Mexico.
I mean--
>>PAOLA: I know.
>>REGINA: You've been
involved in so much.
So I just want to say, thank
you for decades and decades
of boots on the ground research.
And for dragging me
into it, at times.
>>PAOLA: Well, this
was worth it, because--
this was worth it, Regina,
I'm so glad you read the book.
Because you realize
that this gives us hope.
>>REGINA: It does.
And also, the Adamski books.
Because those are
being protected also
by the Stecklings.
You know, and Fred Steckling,
and now his son Glen Steckling
have those archives.
But those are very
interesting, because it
gets into the nature of
anti-gravitational technology,
how interstellar
space travel occurs
on these currents of
energy out in space.
I just found the
technological part
that Adamski shares
absolutely fascinating when
he was aboard these spacecraft.
So we have those, as well.
I mean, there are really
good archival documents
that we can read, if
we're truly interested.
>>PAOLA: What interested
me about the Adamski case,
and what Glen
Steckling said, was
that there are times in history,
along the timeline, where
we can make decisions.
And when NASA came
about, and Kennedy
started that whole
thing, we could
have gone into outer space
and made a lot of money
off the spin-offs
of outer space.
I mean, you have to
miniaturize everything,
you have to have
medical stuff, you
have to-- there's enough things
that we could have made money
off and got off the war economy.
It was a time of--
it was like a
choosing of a road,
and we chose to stay
in the war economy.
But when you choose to
stay in the war economy,
you've got to
create the enemies.
>>REGINA: But the thing is, we--
people did not choose that.
It's been chosen
for us for eons,
and now we personally have
to take responsibility
for choosing away from that,
psychologically, spiritually,
when we can, disengage from the
businesses that support that.
It's up to us now to
make those decisions.
>>PAOLA: And I hope we have
another fork in the road.
Because we can make money
going into outer space.
We could change the
economy on the planet.
And of course, the
planet runs on economy.
But if we keep going
with the war economy,
think of all the enemies
we're going to have to create.
I mean--
>>REGINA: Old story.
So done with that one.
We need to choose better.
Thank you, Paola.
Thank you for being here today.
This is a fun story.
And I highly encourage people
to go back and read these books,
so we're talking about
From Outer Space to You.
And then Stranger
at the Pentagon.
And then Adamski's books,
which you can find online.
Anything else you
want to add to that?
>>PAOLA: Nothing,
it's just they'll
find it fascinating to
go back to the future.
>>REGINA: I agree.
Thank you so much, Paola.
Please feel free to
go to Paola's site
at PaolaHarris.com really a
shocking array of information,
videos and books on
the topic of contact.
She's real deal.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.